So now that we get started,
I want to dive into node.js and give you a brief refresher
on it, talk about the core concepts behind it,
or especially how a request travels through our node.js
and express application, how we can work
with such requests because that are all
going to be things we'll use throughout the course.
Keep in mind this no node.js focus course.
I assume you are familiar with node.js and express.js.
This is merely a refresher,
showing the key concepts we'll be using.
If you want to dive deeper, or feel not that comfortable
using node.js and express, at the end of this section,
you'll find some links to where you get started,
or where to dive deeper if you get a feeling
that you are missing some pieces
or need to learn more about node.js and express.js.
Well if that, let's get started and understand
how this request travels through our back
and in our application.